Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi.
Galaxy Note8: Can you hear me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep, I can hear you. Oh.
Galaxy Note8: Good. I'm Peggy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, Peggy. I'M BECCA
Galaxy Note8: Testing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's called a bio psychosocial I just have a bunch of questions to ask you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, just gathering information is all it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The first question on the bio psychosocial is what brings you to bright heart and why now.
Galaxy Note8: Um, well, I've been. I've been here with Brian her for about a month now already and
Galaxy Note8: I had moved from Los Angeles to a very rural community in New Mexico where they don't have any providers at all. Man is there aren't any and
Galaxy Note8: I didn't realize that before I moved. I checked in, and there was were listings, but they were no longer valid. And so I was frantically trying to find a provider and I had to start flying to Los Angeles to see my doctor and she's crazy and that's how I found right her
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any pain issues.
Galaxy Note8: Yes, I'm chronic pain patient and I have been for
Galaxy Note8: Let's see. I had a car accident in 2012 and I already had degenerative disc disease and spinal stenosis. Prior to that, and
Galaxy Note8: After the accident, it became crying, just really
Galaxy Note8: Nasty lumbar pain and
Galaxy Note8: What happened.
Galaxy Note8: For me, I try physical therapy and really didn't help much, and I didn't want to have surgery at the time I was really just paranoid about having surgery so
Galaxy Note8: I had to work and my is transferred to cedar Sinai pain control clinic.
Galaxy Note8: And
Galaxy Note8: There I was put on
Galaxy Note8: What was it, I think it was first it was Viking in
Galaxy Note8: And I'm my pain was increasing at that time pretty steadily and it wasn't really doing much of anything after I developed a tolerance. This is like a year and then so I saw another specialist at Cedars, and morphine. And that pretty much
Galaxy Note8: Help. But I was just a
Galaxy Note8: basket case I you know I was falling asleep standing out in the elevator when I would go downstairs from my apartment and
Galaxy Note8: It just felt just really out of it. And so I stayed on that for a while and I was complaining about it and to try something else.
Galaxy Note8: And then I got the bright idea. I would just take myself off of it and I would, everything would be fine. And it wasn't at all fine.
Galaxy Note8: I had really horrific withdrawals for about three days and then I I was
Galaxy Note8: I went back to cedars and spoke with the specialist or his nurse, actually. And she said, well, there's this medication and she told me about the box of
Galaxy Note8: Text and I saw the specialist there.
Galaxy Note8: Were another clinic. He's actually a gastroenterologist. I don't know. Hi. Yeah, doing this that
Galaxy Note8: So I went. The first time I when I decided not to do it because I didn't want to be in another long, long term medication and I didn't realize how long term so awesome can be
Galaxy Note8: It's. I mean, I've gone off of it before. It's by far the worst withdrawal. It's horrible.
Galaxy Note8: And so
Galaxy Note8: I didn't go I but then a few days later I just couldn't tolerate what I was feeling like. And so I went on the
Galaxy Note8: The sub attacks and I've been on that ever since. And it controls.
Galaxy Note8: It controls my pain. You know, I, I've always been pain and I take a lot of aspirin Tylenol as well. But I don't realize it until I
Galaxy Note8: Like when I wake up in the morning. I can hardly move so it does help because after I take my medicine that I'm, I'm okay. I'm not great. I'm OK. So the plan is now.
Galaxy Note8: I'm going to my primary care provider here in Silver City, where I live, has referred me to a surgeon and I'm going to have it. The surgery done
Galaxy Note8: That I need in another state, because it's such a small town here and that kind of put off because of the coven
Galaxy Note8: Thing and so
Galaxy Note8: Now I have to make an appointment to go in and it's going to be a while before he can see me because he's backed up with elective surgeries.
Galaxy Note8: And I'm just going to have it done as soon as I can feasibly do it because I'll be off work for six weeks is that I don't have short term disability plan. So that's an issue to right now.
Galaxy Note8: So that's kind of in a nutshell. The, the whole story.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, any substance abuse. History
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No. Okay, any past mental health treatment.
Galaxy Note8: Yes I gnosis. I have panic disorder and OCD.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past suicidal thoughts or attempts
Galaxy Note8: Many, many, many years ago.
Galaxy Note8: Before I was properly diagnosed with OCD and panic disorder. This is showing how old I am.
Galaxy Note8: It was before they're even terms like OCD and panic disorder, or at least not. It wasn't a common thing anyone heard of. And I really thought I was willing insane.
Galaxy Note8: So I, I used to think. If it gets any worse I i'm not going to live like this because I was afraid I was going to do something horrible. I just
Galaxy Note8: I'm just going to completely lose my mind and do something just outrageous or you'd like I have these repetitive thoughts of
Galaxy Note8: What if I went crazy. And when into a post office and shot, everybody. And that would just go over and over. Not that I would ever want to do that. But I, you know, it was scary.
Galaxy Note8: So,
Galaxy Note8: I did that was
Galaxy Note8: I went undiagnosed for 12 years and in that 12 years that was part of my plan if it got to the point where I was going, you know, in my mind, I thought that I might be
Galaxy Note8: You know, sent to the asylum and some god they place and I was really naive. I was 15 you know
Galaxy Note8: And
Galaxy Note8: I was in also in therapy for 10 years and during this time was in the 70s.
Galaxy Note8: In the school of thought was that talk therapy, you know, if you dig deep enough then and hit on some moment of brilliant observation that everything will go away. It doesn't work like that. And so
Galaxy Note8: Yeah, that's a long answer to a simple question, but not anymore I after I started on antidepressants.
Galaxy Note8: In 1985 was six weeks. I had no symptoms at all. It was just gone so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, that was awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. To be relieved to that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK, the next question is, can you tell me a little bit about your family history, the family that you grew up in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where your parents together throughout your whole life. Where did the divorce of so what age were you. How many siblings do you have just tell me about your whole family diet and family dynamics, growing up.
Okay.
Galaxy Note8: Um, well, I was adopted.
Galaxy Note8: My biological mother.
Galaxy Note8: Had
Galaxy Note8: Major substance abuse issues and
Galaxy Note8: Was not
Galaxy Note8: Able to to see her way to having a child. She was 21 I think at the time and she basically left the hospital and left me hit the hospital and
Galaxy Note8: So I was in institutions for first year of my life. I don't Porsche remember anything. But I was apparently a hard to place. I don't. And I really wonder sometimes why I have my mother, my why anybody ever told me that
Galaxy Note8: So we asked, but I'm because I'm Native American. And back then it was like people wanted white kids in there are adopting
Galaxy Note8: Uh huh. And so my adoptive parent refers my foster parents for like a year and then they decided, I guess that I worked out and they
Galaxy Note8: Adopted me and then I was everything was was fine. They're all older and
Galaxy Note8: Have been waiting a long time for a child.
Galaxy Note8: Didn't know what their fertility issues where it's just very long late for them so they I was their only child. I was very close to my adopted father, and when I was seven. He died suddenly and
Galaxy Note8: That pretty much that threw me for a big loop as a kid.
Galaxy Note8: So the life changed rather drastically after he passed away because my mother wasn't prepared to be a single parent my adopted mother financially. She wasn't prepared. It was just not she was only 37 when he died so
Galaxy Note8: It was, you know, I grew up in pretty much in poverty and
Galaxy Note8: Was stressed out mom who's very, very kind and very loving and overly indulging in many ways. And I think to show our love it. She was just a really, really lovely person who maybe wasn't prepared to be a single mom, then rely on her own judgment.
Galaxy Note8: And I got back together were reunited with my biological mother and found out I had two younger sisters one who's a year younger than I am just actually under a year and one who is nine years younger when I was there. It was guess I was 18 or 19 when I met them.
Galaxy Note8: And had a pretty much ongoing relationship with my sisters. Ever since my mother and I have never been close. She's
Galaxy Note8: She's an alcoholic, she doesn't. She no longer drinks, but she doesn't have a program. She doesn't know she just
Galaxy Note8: She's in her 80s. Now, and she just was able to somehow not drink so
Galaxy Note8: She was a terrible alcoholic really nasty drunk and I so I don't drink any alcohol at all and I have not in 20 years
Galaxy Note8: Because I know I carry the genetic vulnerability for alcoholism out. I never want attempt that date. So she was a drug addict as well. When I was pregnant with me.
Galaxy Note8: And see my sister's my younger sister has the same psychiatric disorder. I do. I think my mother does. She's undiagnosed just probably self medicating with alcohol and drugs and I don't really know. And then I have my get my sister was a year younger than I am.
Galaxy Note8: She and I were the closest
Galaxy Note8: And
Galaxy Note8: She's she she's done fairly well. So, but they were raised by her
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any military background.
Huh.
Galaxy Note8: My, my biological father
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Was in the military, you
Galaxy Note8: Huh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He was in the military.
Galaxy Note8: He was
Galaxy Note8: Yo, yeah. He, um,
Galaxy Note8: My biological father, my mother at an officer's club.
Galaxy Note8: She has been about 20 he was 27 and they only knew met for one night, they never saw each other again after that.
Galaxy Note8: And so he was a career air force officer and he kept working into his late 60s, maybe early 70s it with the Air Force in the CIA and
Galaxy Note8: He has children. He has four children from his marriage and from his to have his marriages.
Galaxy Note8: And
Galaxy Note8: So,
Galaxy Note8: He's really a nice person, but he won't acknowledge this. My father
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, um, do you have any kind of legal background any trouble with the law throughout your life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you tell me how it was for you in school.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you graduate. Did you have a learning disability. What was your education, like for you.
Galaxy Note8: I did really well in school when I was a child.
Galaxy Note8: I had undiagnosed ADHD.
Galaxy Note8: I still have it. And, but I had no idea until
Galaxy Note8: You know, five years ago that I that this wasn't even an issue, you know, and, um, but I did really well in school and I had testing done and all sorts of crazy things. For some reason, something
Galaxy Note8: Flag to me and they
Galaxy Note8: I was able to skip the grade. And that was tough as a really shy kid and I could have probably done well without that disruption, but I was
Galaxy Note8: Doing so I guess I was doing pretty well, but it's hard when you're doing really well in school and then suddenly you're skipped your grade.
Galaxy Note8: And you are trying to catch up with a whole year that you missed and you're at the bottom of the heap, you're no longer the best student in the class, you're kind of, you know, trying to navigate
Galaxy Note8: A
Galaxy Note8: Foreign and a challenging situation that I don't think a lot of children.
Galaxy Note8: Are ready for. It's a big deal to a kid to
Galaxy Note8: All of a sudden, have to be in another classroom. Everybody's looking at you like you're some sort of Martian or something. I was so shy just incredibly shy so so that was hard. And then in high school, everything just went to hell.
Galaxy Note8: I was bored and
Galaxy Note8: Just didn't want to go to school, I would that I would leave the house in the morning and then not go to school and just hang out with my friends and
Galaxy Note8: Yeah, I mean, it was
Galaxy Note8: It wasn't good.
Galaxy Note8: Up until I was
Galaxy Note8: 15 and then I was
Galaxy Note8: Moved into a continuation High School.
Galaxy Note8: And it was learn at your own pace type thing. And I had this one woman who was a teacher who was amazing person. She was just amazing. And just genuine and worked with me and I graduated, when I was 16 so you know when
Galaxy Note8: I went to college and did the whole routine so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why did you major in
Galaxy Note8: Interdisciplinary Studies and public health.
Nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, do you are you currently married or in a relationship and have any children.
Galaxy Note8: I'm divorced. I have two children.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Boy, girl, ages.
Galaxy Note8: Oh, um, my son is 43 and my daughter is 38
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, can you tell me what it is that you would like to work on while you're working with bright heart.
Galaxy Note8: I don't deal with
Galaxy Note8: Pain, I can deal with pain. I could deal with stress pain and stress together i just i get i i just want to curl up in my bed and I have a very
Galaxy Note8: High. Hi.
Galaxy Note8: job that requires a lot of time and a lot of energy and a lot of commitment.
I'm
Galaxy Note8: Going to that.
Galaxy Note8: It's, it's not possible. I'll lose my job if I do if I, you know,
Galaxy Note8: succumb to test how I feel sometimes and I do have this job. That's also like just
Galaxy Note8: takes up a lot of my thoughts. But yeah, I never been very good at.
Galaxy Note8: I can do one thing at a time, but
Galaxy Note8: When I get overwhelmed overwhelmed. I just
Galaxy Note8: Inside, I just freak out and
Galaxy Note8: Fortunately, I know I just start having anxiety attacks not regularly like I used to. But I guess I'll have some sort of weird symptom that will pop up and stick with me and there's no foundation for it idiopathic symptoms and
Galaxy Note8: So yeah, I would like to get a handle on things because my life is structured in such a way that with this job that I have. And I've been have had the same the same thing for six years.
Galaxy Note8: But
Galaxy Note8: I need to be able to
Galaxy Note8: Me, I'm, I'm, it's a little late, but I need to be able to just finally move forward without feeling like I'm the earth is freezing around my ankles and I can't move.
Galaxy Note8: So I literally will become like a paralytic, I'm just stuck. And I think it most of the time, or I have to make a nasty choice if it's like to my family. Each week, and something you know in my own demons and my job. I always have to quit my job because
Galaxy Note8: That's what pays the bills.
Galaxy Note8: Yeah, so everything else goes by the wayside and that's not right. That's not right. I don't want to live like that so
Galaxy Note8: That's one thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, what do you do for a living. Can I ask
Galaxy Note8: Um, I'm medical regulatory writer for the European Union.
Galaxy Note8: I read safety reports for
Galaxy Note8: Implanted cardiovascular devices.
Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is that I can understand why that is a stressful.
Galaxy Note8: And my team is all over the world. You know, so it's a
Galaxy Note8: Lot long hours, really, you know, it's really long hours, or should be long hours.
Galaxy Note8: That you know i i just have never been able to to like pat my head and rub my stomach. At the same time, we would have been a
Little exercises or yeah
Galaxy Note8: I can do one thing at a time. I can multitask at work.
Galaxy Note8: I can do that really well.
Galaxy Note8: I don't know why it's like a sub sort of a savant idiot savant everything you just crazy. And then I work, I can parse things up. And, you know, get it done.
Galaxy Note8: But maybe I just don't think as highly of myself or think I'm worth the effort to
Galaxy Note8: To figure out, sit down and really figure out how to move through some rough waters was like I said with my job. I don't have a choice. I do what I did I not in my lifetime. I don't have a choice.
Right.
Galaxy Note8: I don't know.
Galaxy Note8: I don't like always, choosing my job, or maybe it's easier, it's very complicated. And then I start
Galaxy Note8: Talking about it and just going up going
Galaxy Note8: bonkers.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that, you know, we
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We grow up, understanding that in order for us to survive and make it in this world, we have to work. And so, you know, that becomes the forefront of everything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because without work, you have no home without the home. Yeah. You know what I mean. And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's there's a piece of that. And you know, it's not that you put work first. But you understand that without work you have nothing else. You can't survive. You can't take care of your family. You can't pay the bills.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do these things. And so we kind of get in this autopilot you know thing that work at. We got to go to work. We got to go to work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that has a lot to do with the way that we were raised, you know, with, you know, with the way that we
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the way we view the world as well. You know, that's a piece of it too.
Galaxy Note8: I think you're absolutely right. I think that, especially in this country is since I've traveled to other countries and stayed in other countries for the
Galaxy Note8: Longest six months and observed other cultures, like in Israel. They have totally different hierarchy family is really key.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One.
Galaxy Note8: Mm hmm. And then work, then they work very hard over there, those
Galaxy Note8: Are hard working people.
Galaxy Note8: But they're not obsessed like we are.
Galaxy Note8: And I don't think that a good Israeli citizen would would kind of say, Okay, I can't deal with my family right next. I've got a job, you know,
Galaxy Note8: Yeah, find time to eat together and cook, and it's just different.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. We've moved from a society that we, you know, work to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Live to live to work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know, that's really not.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's just not what life supposed to be about. But that is exactly what our culture is moved into, you know, without work. You can't have you can't survive and take care of the family, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the same sense of family gets
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, pushed aside, I get it. I'm right with you in that way. You know, it's like, you know, we got to pay the bills and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I totally understand that.
Galaxy Note8: No. Okay, so
Galaxy Note8: What it up, that the emperor is wearing no clothing. We can't keep doing this. Yeah, there's a generation of kids now that I'm observing
Galaxy Note8: Who aren't doing that well teenagers from my generation, my generation parents at these kids who are kind of lost. Yeah, I mean, a lot of my friends have problems with their adult children.
Galaxy Note8: And there's not a lot of pain and that's
Galaxy Note8: You can see the arrow pointing you know
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and it's just the way that society is geared it, you know, and then we wonder why you no wonder why you know they have so many problems. Well, hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When the mom and the dad or the mom is working, you know, 5060 hours a week and is not able to emotionally support the child. Yeah, that's exactly what happens.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I get it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I totally get it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so what I hear is that you want to work on emotion regulation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Learning how
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To regulate anxiety, learning how to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: move past it in a moment's notice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I hear is that you want to work on some self esteem.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm. And my question is, is, are you willing to meet with me either weekly or bi weekly
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: While you're engaged with pain management.
Galaxy Note8: I could bi weekly. My job is really, it's hard for me to get to sneak off and okay good to an appointment, but bi weekly I could manage okay um, that would be okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what would be your ideal day and time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That would be
Galaxy Note8: Any day that's not Monday or Tuesday. Those are the bad days at the beginning of the weekend, everything is falling apart over the weekend. So, and I'm bleeding. The team now. So it's, um,
Galaxy Note8: Yeah, Mondays and Tuesdays are heard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right let. Give me one second and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me take a look. Let me look at my schedule because I'm thinking we can do it on Thursdays.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like at
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me look really fast.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What time do you take lunch.
Galaxy Note8: What's that, what's lunch.
Galaxy Note8: I have the I usually am pretty free between 1130 and say to anytime within that framework. I don't have any meetings on Thursdays around that time so that you know lunchtime would be a good time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Galaxy Note8: Anytime with the next
Galaxy Note8: Time. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so we can start meeting. Let's start meeting the June 11
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was not too far out. Um, I have another client that I rotate every other week at one o'clock on Thursdays and so I thought in my okay if I put you in that rotation with her, then it would be every other
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Every other week. And if that's too much for you. Peggy them we can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We can switch it around switch it up. It's definitely manageable, to be able to do that. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, let me
Galaxy Note8: Sounds good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright.
Galaxy Note8: So hit to make a huge commitment serving and do something weekly and then have to cancel and that's story of my life. And so that would be really good every other week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then again,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If it's if it winds up that it interferes with your schedule, let me know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we can adjust it. All right.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But we'll start there and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And see how that works in your Mountain Standard Time. I'm Pacific Standard Time. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It would have to be. We're an hour apart so it would have to be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 1230 my time which is 130 year time
Galaxy Note8: That's fine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Galaxy Note8: That's perfect, because I'm grab something right before to each and I have an hour after that.
Galaxy Note8: So I'll be fine. The time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so I put me on here I put you on my schedule for the 11th at
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: JUNE JUNE 11 at oh crap what I do, I got the time I messed up. It says 12
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 30 P and all right. Oh wait, I can take out okay so June 11 at 12:30pm we'll start devising
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A plan on how we're going to implement
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The skills that you need to be able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Work through your anxiety and to really kind of build up on your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On your self esteem throughout this whole process which will also help you
Galaxy Note8: That's been a long time come into I mean really.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I get it, I think.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think women in society today. We all suffer from
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That that same you know thing and we could all use a little help.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: loving ourselves a little bit more
Galaxy Note8: I think I agree wholeheartedly. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. Okay, so we're done. That was pretty painless. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. I'm looking forward to meeting with you, Peggy and we will start getting together. Do you, do you do do a group
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Manage My group.
Galaxy Note8: I went to group. And then I started seeing
Galaxy Note8: It wasn't at the right. It was at 630 and I was always working late, so I was in seeing
Galaxy Note8: The pain management therapist.
Galaxy Note8: Every other every week and I'm supposed to talk with her Thursday night, and about going back to group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right, perfect. Well, let her know that you and I are going to do a little work together bi weekly
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Per your schedule.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And these let her know that some of the things that we're going to start working on. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Great.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, Peggy. You, you have a great
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I look forward to. I will see you then.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bye bye.
Galaxy Note8: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're welcome. Thank you.